1.1 /home/accounts/student/l/lffct001
1.2 The option -a does not ignore entries starting with .
1.3 The option -l uses a long listing format
1.4 The option -t sorts the output of listing all files by the modifiction time with the most recent listed first
1.5 The option -r should be used to sort the output in the reverse order
1.6 The option -S should be used to sort by file size
1.7	csci205:
	total 4
	drwx--x--x 3 lffct001 student 4096 Aug 25 20:47 src

	csci205/src:
	total 4
	drwx--x--x 2 lffct001 student 4096 Aug 25 21:08 lab01

	csci205/src/lab01:
	total 8
	-rw------- 1 lffct001 student 382 Aug 25 21:08 answers.txt
	-rw------- 1 lffct001 student 382 Aug 25 21:08 answers.txt~


2.1 A version control system is a system that keeps track of all the modifications made to a file (or group of files) over time, having the ability to recover previous versions of them.

2.2 The three types of versions control systems are:
a) LOCAL VERSION CONTROL SYSTEM - This version control system is useful for people who are working alone in a small project, because it is simple to control the versions by this way.
b) CENTRALIZED VERSION CONTROL SYSTEM - This version control system is useful when people need to work with developers on other systems.
c) DISTRIBUTED VERSION CONTROL SYSTEM - This version control system is useful because people do not need to find the latest version of a file, they just upload the full project again. Also, any of the client repositories can be copied to the server as a back up, in the case that a server dies. It is good to use this option when collaborating with other people on a project simultaneously.

2.3 Git uses the Distributed Version Control System

2.4 Most operations are performed locally on Git because it does not need to check another computer on the network for the files.Firstly, in the case that you need to browse the history of the project, Git does not need to search on the server for the files, because it reads from the local database. This saves a lot of time compared to other VCSs. Secondly, you can do most of the operation while offline. You can still edit the files and also make new commits.

2.5 Git addresses objects by the hash value of its content. It creates a string of 40 characters in a hexadecimal system, which is created accordingly to the content of a file or directory structure in the VCS.

2.6 Git version control system has 3 states: commited, modified and staged. If a file is on the first state it is stored in the local database. The second one is for when there were cahnges to the file, but the user has not make a commit for that file yet. The last one means that the user has noted that a file was changed and will be uploaded on the next commit.

3.1 Bytecodes is the machine language of the Java Virtual Machine. They are generated after compiling a plain text file with .java extension into a .class file by the javac compiler.

3.2 One benefit of developing a system to run on a virtual machine is that it can be runned on many different operating systems, such as Linux, Windows and Mac OS.

3.3 One disadvantage of using a JVM is the execution speed. The programs will not be executed on the hardware, because they must be firstly processed by the interpreter.

3.4 Most of the staments written are true. The Java programming language is very similar to C++, making it easier to learn for those who already know the latter. There are other languages that encourages more good coding practices than Java, such as Python. In my opinion, programs written in java are harder to read when compared to those written in C++. Java allows it to run the program on many platform as it is based on a JVM, feature that many programming languages does not have.

3.5
a) // One line comment
b) /* Multi-line
      comment */
c) /** Documentaion comment */

3.6 As soon as you have the file you need to go to the terminal and type:
javac package-name/MyProgram.java //compiles with javac
java package-name/MyProgram //runs with java
